custom device (#2783)
pytorch/torchtune: README.md

torchtune supports finetuning on a variety of different datasets, including [instruct-style](https://pytorch.org/torchtune/main/basics/instruct_datasets.html), [chat-style](https://pytorch.org/torchtune/main/basics/chat_datasets.html), [preference datasets](https://pytorch.org/torchtune/main/basics/preference_datasets.html), and more. If you want to learn more about how to apply these components to finetune on your own custom dataset, please check out the provided links along with our [API docs](https://pytorch.org/torchtune/main/api_ref_datasets.html).

### Custom Devices

> TorchTune supports finetuning on a variety of devices, including NVIDIA CUDA, Intel XPU, AMD ROCm, and more. If you're interested in running recipes on a custom device, such as Intel XPU, follow the steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
torchtune supports finetuning on a variety of devices, including NVIDIA GPU, Intel XPU, AMD ROCm, Apple MPS, and Ascend NPU. If you're interested in running recipes on a custom device, such as Intel XPU, follow the steps below.
```

Step 1: Refer to the [Getting Started on Intel GPU guide](https://docs.pytorch.org/docs/stable/notes/get_start_xpu.html) to configure your environment.

> Step 2: Update device information via **Config Overrides**,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2: Update device information via either CLI override or config changes.
```

You can directly overwrite config fields from the command line:

```bash
tune run lora_finetune_single_device --config llama2/7B_lora_single_device device=xpu
```

> Or edit your local copy of configeration files and replace `device: cuda` using `device: xpu`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or edit your local copy of configuration files and replace `device: cuda` with `device: xpu`
```
